SOAR [8330] - Fix issue for MISP plugin (#1140)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/misp/help.md

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|encode_attachments|boolean|True|True|Encode attachments in export|None|True|
|event_id|string|None|False|Specify single event to export|None|1|
|from|string|None|False|From date E.g. 2015-02-15|None|2015-02-15|
|last|string|None|False|Events within x amount of time E.g. 5d|None|5d|
|tags|[]string|None|False|Array of tags to include in results|None|["tag"]|
|to|string|None|False|To date E.g. 2015-02-17|None|2015-02-17|

Example input:

```
{
  "encode_attachments": true,
  "event_id": "1",

>   "from": "2015-02-15",

Reviewer: Is there any time period limit for the api?

Author: There is no limit

# Version History

> * 5.0.1 - Set default value for fields `analysis`, `published`, `threat_level` in Search Events action | Update python version to `python-3-38-plugin:4` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 5.0.1 - Set default value for fields `analysis`, `published`, `threat_level` in Search Events action | Update insight connect SDK to 4
```

Author: Done
